good is like having an effort of the
island so I hope you like friends
good if well then cars or on the stage
of the dragon scuba that I'm not going to
so use my stories and gems since
because of the sensuality of the sea
I could not because it has been difficult
much or advance phase these issues then
they are like the bots the masks
Venetians that really are difficult
of getting the most groups I only have
twelve days propose the dragon
the dragon the dragon atlantia not that
says it's a legendary is a
legendary but good that dragon
inspiring power to follow in this event
and 16 topics that's why they're called friends is
too much but good friends
to open the museum later now
we went to dragon wars friends to see us
They ask for a compass and give it to them and they
complicate good friends but you do not have
three of sea so this easy I'll pass it
in a compass you get remembering gold
then I called the Aztec is all the gold
green
although it improves a bit it can not get
put all the compasses of good is
easier to understand by the
stars of marquez is really very
hard
we have already got five that well and
It's the only one if you get cross dragons
good a recommendation would be that your
texts in the combine as they combine
dragons for example traumatically from
something hot will give you this
this runic stone friends since it 's a
combination that I'm going to show you that
it would be
to see an armadillo
to an armadillo more dragon earth just me
it works once I do not know if that I have to
influence the phase maybe in this phase
Well, as with this combination,
you get but good in the previous
phase I have been combining this
combination several times waiting
several hours and has not sent any
runic stone so I think that
maybe because of the phase when I'm a bit
ahead maybe it's harder what
it has the only stones but
remember what
have to wait a while to be able to
returning to a unique city is not at
instantly so you can the tree
breeding or alessandro breeding and agree
this variant combination to see a
example the dragon volcano plus the dragon
it may be that the commission does not
last hours that last but I do not know that
does not exceed more than one day
in addition to the future list
to see
will last 12 hours or 13 will do juana
we hope it will give us a harmonious life
enough we talk about ethics
pitifully they did not give us a stone
rununit pitifully a scar or
oil but good as it was
saying what each phase is more difficult
has the rune stone but that these
they have how to combine combinations that
last longer but they also are not much
since they are going to be waiting two or three
days just to pine or an item so
It is convenient combinations that last between 5
12 or 13 hours and good let's continue with the
video pitifully did not give me then a
runic stone but good has been the
telescope while fighting the pencil and
one kilo raises more a water type and it
they will paint then if not damaged / last
Quade plant here give me what your
weakness because I have already had for you
you go to dragon books
and here you will look for the dragon plant
weakness against the land type and the
ice type and we will press dragon shields
in dragon type earth type ice would use
the pure ice type dragon because the
cigars are more reliable to win
these battles
sub zero I choose you
well we won a telescope and it's enough
here it will be possible friends as they see then
has already advanced a little bit that of the
next then the health tape would be like
getting the dragon
or cases and then tranqui mere here good
it's not difficult either but good
I really see something very, very, very
difficult to put an old man with only
12 days that I have left but of all the
possible to get that drink
go friends who are lucky and successes in
this event years and take care and good and
started to start my classes with what
it is more difficult for me to try to climb
videos followed but good I will try are
Quick as you can do that I
dismissal and I am mengo margin of
Invested God again with everything